CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Code of Conduct

Welcome to the **Coding Club** community!  
We want this to be a friendly, inclusive space where everyone feels supported to learn, build, and grow as programmers.

---

## Our Pledge

-
-
-


---

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contribute to a positive environment include:
- Being respectful, patient, and kind in all communications  
- Offering help and constructive feedback  
- Giving credit to others’ work and ideas  
- Keeping discussions focused on learning and collaboration  
---

## Our Responsibilities

Leaders and moderators are responsible for:
- 
- 
-   
---

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all club spaces — including our GitHub repositories, WhatsApp, and any online or in-person meetings.

---

## Reporting Issues

If you experience or witness any behavior that violates this Code of Conduct:
- Contact a club leader or moderator privately (email, phone-number or GitHub message)
- Reports will be handled respectfully and confidentially  

---

Commit message:

Minor club info updates
Update to code of conduct; contributing; and Readme

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Code of Conduct

Welcome to the **Coding Club** community!  
We want this to be a friendly, inclusive space where everyone feels supported to learn, build, and grow as programmers.

---

## Our Goal

-Goals of this organization shall be: Improving awareness of the importance of learning coding and programming in an increasingly computerized world; 
-making as much of the local population as computer savvy as we can;
-to take part in local programming events such that we are competitive; to foster a group of friends who can rely on each other; to spark the love of learning in all.


---

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contribute to a positive environment include:
- Being respectful, patient, and kind in all communications  
- Offering help and constructive feedback  
- Giving credit to others’ work and ideas  
- Keeping discussions focused on learning and collaboration  
---

## Our Responsibilities

Leaders and moderators are responsible for:
- Being upstanding members of the community college and someone that others can go to for help.
- Teaching code and maintaining the disipline necessary for self taught growth
-   
---

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all club spaces — including our GitHub repositories, WhatsApp, and any online or in-person meetings.

---

## Reporting Issues

If you experience or witness any behavior that violates this Code of Conduct:
- Contact a club leader or moderator privately (email, phone-number or GitHub message)
- Reports will be handled respectfully and confidentially  

---
